You're really not going back to work?
My mind is made up.
A professor once told me,
cultivating new domestic varieties matters more than money.
You don't need to eat?
Actually,
my house was demolished.
Seriously?
You're a rich lady!
You really are!
Since you're staying, let's get to work.
Okay.
The first batch of materials arrives in two days.
Our experiment
is about to enter the next phase.
Let's do this.
Let's just get it done.
Anyway, my mom resigned.
She's dedicated herself to research.
As long as she stays as far from that Wanxiang as possible.
We got away with it this time.
But what about next time?
There will be a day we can't hide it.
You have to be mentally prepared.
I'll hide it as long as I can.
What else can I do?
Someone's coming.
Wait a second.
Hello. Who is it?
Hello, Kong Xiaocan.
I am the boss of Wanxiang Denong, Ma Jianfei.
We might not be very familiar.
But with my right-hand man...
...A Fu, you must be familiar.
Yes.
Why do you look a bit familiar to me?
The sharing session last time?
It wasn't that time.
I really didn't see you last time.
That shouldn't be.
I'm at the Northeast branch all year round.
I just got transferred back.
You... you are here to...
Did something happen to me again?
No, no, no.
I came for a good thing this time.
A good thing?
Is Ms. Kong Guifang here?
Xiaocan.
Xu Rui, stop my mom.
Don't let her come home.
An alien has come to our house.
Is there something you need with my mom?
I came mainly to thank you.
For giving our...
...Life Energy Exchange business...
...your strong support.
It's nothing.
After your sharing session last time...
...our sales just shot up.
I was wondering if good things could come in pairs.
I'll find a pair of spokespersons.
You and your mother together.
Do a sharing session.
My sales would...
Right?
I can even give you a commission.
That doesn't seem possible.
My mom has devoted herself to scientific research lately.
She's super busy every day.
Even I can't see her.
But I appreciate the good intentions.
I'll accept these flowers on her behalf too.
I'll convey your message to her.
I also thank you on her behalf.
And you must be quite busy too.
You have so much Life Energy Exchange in a day.
You should get busy.
Busy, yes, busy.
Actually, I'm not busy.
I came today with sincerity.
I want to talk face-to-face.
I can wait.
But some people aren't available just because you wait.
Sorry.
If you're not busy, I am.
You should hurry and...
...hurry back to the Northeast branch.
They need you to take charge there.
The Northeast branch already has people arranged.
Why don't you make a call?
I can talk to her on the phone too.
She's doing research right now.
She won't answer the phone.
Sorry, right now I...
I'm busy cooking.
I have things to do tonight, right?
What are the odds?
I came to Earth for just two things.
One is to take a bath.
The second is to eat.
Since you've already prepared it...
I'll have a bite.
No, wait, why are you so...
Aliens really have no boundaries.
This is the new variety we developed...
...a while ago that just hit the market.
It's very sweet.
Everyone take two bags home to taste.
Okay.
Thank you, Professor Wang.
You're welcome.
Don't forget your bags.
Alright.
What's wrong?
Where's Guifang?
She just left.
Uncle Sun
Can you give my classmate a ride?
Of course.
Guifang
Don't take the bus with all that stuff.
Let me give you a lift.
Okay, thanks.
Xu Rui, how's it going?
Did you stop her?
I couldn't stop her.
She got in Wei Mingtian's car.
Make the alien leave, quick.
Then what do I do?
He won't leave.
He... he can...
Anywhere Door.
Then he can come out of every door.
Remember when A Fu was in Hainan,
only closed doors could be used?
You're so smart, Xu Rui.
Okay, okay, I'm looking.
Sorry to trouble you, Secretary Sun.
Thank you for today, Secretary Sun.
Don't mention it. It's on the way.
This road is usually jammed for twenty minutes.
It's actually quite smooth today.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
Is it heavy?
It's fine, it's fine. Let me take it.
It's okay.
Kong Xiaocan, did you handle it?
It's dinnertime.
Everyone's cooking. Smells good.
Are you hungry?
I'm hungry.
Then let's go up and eat.
Xiaocan should be cooking at home.
Sure.
Let's go.
What are you doing here?
It's so strange. It's so strange.
Why is every door in Xiaocan's house
impossible for me to open?
I must stop her.
I must stop...
Kong Guifang from meeting my boss.
Otherwise, it'll be a disaster.
You showing up is the disaster.
Stand there, don't move. Don't move.
Why?
Why can't I understand humans?
Um...
We're done eating, right?
You said we're pretty much done.
Didn't you come here just to shower and eat?
After eating, let's... let's take a shower.
Take a shower, right?
The full service package.
Mom.
Xiaocan, you're here.
Perfect, perfect.
Hey, I booked a restaurant.
Let's the three of us go out to eat. Go out to eat.
Don't go out to eat.
Cook at home.
Go out to eat. Eating out is delicious.
Look who I ran into.
My former boss.
She really took care of me back then.
When I was walking just now, Boss was right behind me.
She didn't make a sound.
Boss, you don't... you don't need to change shoes.
You, you, you... hurry up.
Make two more dishes.
Boss is here, make two more dishes.
Boss.
Pour her some water.
Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry.
Um...
You haven't talked yet, right?
Haven't had time yet.
Xiaotian.
This is Wei Mingtian.
Our neighbor, the big star.
This is my mom's boss. Hello, hello.
Your skin is really nice.
Boss is indeed amazing.
Impossible to guard against.
I'll get it, I'll get it.
Don't worry about it.
I'll open it. You cook, cook, cook.
Where's the alien?
Darn it, darn it. Xu Rui.
This... everything is happening at once.
What do I do?
Like this, they'll definitely talk.
How do I handle this?
What do I do?
How should I know what to do?
Kong Xiaocan, bad news!
You... you...
You must not let my boss...
...meet Kong Guifang. Who is that?
If she discovers...
...that you made a deal with her. Stop talking.
...it will be a disaster.
Quick, stop talking.
If they meet...
...the consequences will be unimaginable.
Because she doesn't know... Stop talking.
Kong Guifang doesn't know...
...you exchanged fifty years of Life Energy.
Stop talking.
Dear, you're here.
I'm here too.
I heard everything.
I'm leaving now.
Wait a moment.
Take out the contract.
You've got quite a mind of your own.
There is no signature from Kong Guifang
Yet this contract is in effect?
Isn't this a violation of the rules?
Wait a minute
What does that mean?
What fifty years?
What transaction?
What operation?
Mom
You shut up
Go on
The reason I came here
Is mainly to thank you both
For the Life Energy Exchange cause
And the contribution you made
Your touching story
Has already become a legend
Throughout the entire universe
Even our sales agents
Use your story
As a mandatory case study
What do you mean by fifty years?
So Kong Guifang doesn't know
You just wait for your punishment later
To put it simply
It was you
When you had pancreatic cancer
When your life was nearing its end
It was your fine son
Mr. Kong Xiaocan
Who gave up his own
Fifty years of life energy to you
To bring you back from the dead
And your Rejuvenation
In other words
The energy fueling your life now
Comes from your son's life
This smart, fine son of yours, Xiaocan
Stole the secret medicine
How else could you be so young?
How else could you eat healthily?
Walk healthily?
Bathe healthily?
He traded his life for that
Kong Xiaocan
Is it true?
Mom
What's the use of crying?
Why didn't you think carefully back then?
What kind of medicine
Could make you so young all of a sudden?
Xiaocan was just fooling you
It's my fault
I was wrong
I...
I was so stupid
I shouldn't have listened to Xiaocan
I was wrong
It's me
It's my fault
It's all because I got sick
Xiaocan, in order to save me
It's all my fault
I was wrong
Ma Jianfei! A Fu!
You stand right there!
Don't run!
You violated the rules, didn't you?
Now you've got someone chasing you!
I'm telling you, the deal is off!
Cancel it for me!
What do we do now that she found out?
Stand right there!
Run!
Stand still!
Alright, alright, don't pull me!
Okay, okay.
Stand still!
Okay, okay! Mom, Mom, Mom!
Why are you pulling me?
Mom, calm down, calm down.
It can't be cancelled.
If you cancel it, won't you turn back?
Are you out of your mind?
What's this about fifty years?
Why are you acting so crazy?
Who told you to make this deal?
Guifang, calm down a bit.
Did you all know about this?
Just keeping it from me right here?
I didn't know.
What is going on here?
Where are they?
Where did they go?
Mom.
Move out of the way.
Don't let me catch you!
Where are they?
Where did you go? Ma Jianfei! A Fu!
Mom, calm down.
Stand right there!
Stand still!
The Life Energy Exchange...
...cannot be cancelled.
If Xiaocan gives his life energy to you,
you cannot give it back to him.
That is how it is designed.
Why? Why won't you return it?
Why on earth can't you cancel it?
Mom, Mom, Mom.
Calm down, calm down. Auntie, Auntie.
Alright, alright, alright.
Since it's irreversible,
can't we take someone else's life energy
and transfer it to Kong Xiaocan?
Well said! We didn't think of that.
That's so smart!
Yes, yes, we can.
So there is a way after all!
There is a way. So you go find someone else,
and we'll handle the rest.
No problem.
You said it.
It's a deal.
You're not allowed to go back on your word.
We won't go back on it.
Good.
I'll go find someone right now.
Go quickly.
Is that even possible?
Um...
Now that my mom knows...
I definitely didn't say anything.
You can't punish me.
Can't punish.
We don't have that rule.
No...
He said to keep my mouth shut before.
I was even punished.
My hair was gone.
You said you had this rule, right?
No, there is no such punishment.
Wasn't there a rule?
That was to prevent you from blabbing.
Designed specifically for you.
You designed a rule for him?
Then I won't design one for him next time.
He says he won't design one for you next time.
Is that it?
It's over, right?
He... he didn't speak.
Have you no shame?
You guys...
And...
My...
Turtle... Tortoise...
It's a turtle.
No problem.
Yeah.
Yes.
He says...
You're right, you're right.
And...
See?
I said not to tell them.
Look at every one of them.
Like they've been frozen.
It was bound to happen sooner or later.
Let them accept the truth earlier.
We can figure something out together, right?
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can you guys not be so casual?
About such a terrible thing?
Can.
Is this true?
Did you really trade Godmother for that...
That Life Energy?
This is the sixth time you've asked.
Yes, it's true, true, true.
So you knew all along?
Earlier than you guys...
Just a little bit earlier.
Wait.
Why did you know before me?
Just by one hour.
That's not okay either.
Is that the point?
I...
Then how long do you have left to live?
I want to know more than you do.
You haven't seen that alien.
He's too unreliable.
No straight answer.
Maybe I'll croak any moment.
Knock on wood.
You know you're going to croak?
Then why did you order full-sugar milk tea?
Lose half a day of life.
You drank alcohol too.
Another half day gone.
You ate fried chicken and pickles.
You ate leftovers too.
Can't you cherish your life a bit, Kong Xiaocan?
From now on, you just drink plain water.
If I cherished my life, I'd stay away from you.
You piss me off every day.
I lose half a day of life every day.
Alright, it's not that bad.
That's the situation.
That's how it is.
Whether you accept it or not, it happened.
If you don't accept it...
But...
What if a kind person gives me a refill?
When will this kind person appear?
Even if he appears...
What if he's too late?
What if?
Stop talking.
Enough.
At first, I couldn't accept it either.
It takes time.
Let's go back and calm down for today.
And think about what kind of person...
Would be willing to give Xiaocan Life Energy.
Right, right, right.
Everyone, go back and rest for today.
Mom.
If you're angry,
why don't you beat me up?
Don't... don't hit my face.
Hit... hitting my face is fine.
Just... go easy. It's okay.
You agreed to the exchange for my sake.
How could I bear to hit you?
You're not angry anymore?
For things that have already happened,
what's the use of getting angry?
I might as well think about
how to give the Life Energy to you.
Alright.
Leave it to Mom.
I'll figure something out for you.
I won't let anything happen to you.
Come on, let's go to sleep.
I'll stay with you for a while.
Go, go, go. Hurry up.
Go to sleep.
Hurry up.
Okay, Mom.
What is it? Why so early?
Hurry up,
get up and get ready.
I know who can exchange Life Energy for you.
For this person to exchange Life Energy for you,
it's only right and proper.
Who is it?
Your dad.
Your dad
No, my dad
I actually have a dad?
He's ignored you for so many years
I have to make him take
Responsibility as a father
We have to find him
Didn't he die?
When did I say that?
Your dad...
Was taken away by aliens
Your dad turned into a crow and flew away
Your dad...
He choked on a fish bone and died
You don't have a dad
Mom had you all by herself, remember?
Mom, are you serious?
I really have a dad?
Why would I lie to you?
My god
This early in the morning
You've really woken me up
I have to say
Besides the shock, I'm actually a bit excited
Lately
So many TV drama plots
Have happened to me
Seriously
I've almost got the lead actor's screen time
What does he look like?
Character?
Is his surname Kong?
Looks are bad
Character is bad
And his surname isn't Kong
Can you stop messing with me?
Mystery solved then
I was wondering why my eyes kept getting smaller
This... why can't I get through to any of them?
These are all disconnected numbers
If you can't contact him
Who are you packing to go find?
He must be in his hometown right now
What if he moved?
Went somewhere else to make a living?
Don't worry
He definitely doesn't have the money to move
That bad?
Give me the address
This is pretty clear
Technology
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Ahead
Turn left, turn left
Yes, right at this intersection
You...
You remember it that clearly?
When you were little, in this area
You used to jump around
Back then, I
Used to chase after you to feed you
I don't have any memory of that
What can you remember?
That brain of yours
Apart from eating, it's sleeping
Sleeping like a pig
You just didn't feed me well when I was little
That's why I didn't grow tall
Yes
Here, here, here
The one on the right
This is Mom's old convenience store
So many years have passed
This place hasn't changed much from before
Don't say, this place looks...
Familiar
The floor is still the same
Change the angle
See if you can see the people inside
You are purely dreaming
This isn't a game
Fine, this is not bad
Finding the address means we can contact people there
It counts as some progress
So what now?
We need to ask for leave from the department for a couple of days
Yeah, we have to
Lately so many dramatic things
Have happened to me
Do you think he might be
Already croaked?
Hurry up and spit that out
If he's going to croak
He has to do it after giving you the Life Energy
Hurry up and go eat breakfast
There are eggs in the kitchen
Is he tall?
Tall
You didn't take after him
In my earliest memories,
it was our family's convenience store.
Mom and Dad were busy every day.
But I was a very sensible child.
I could study on my own from a young age.
I still remember my childhood dream.
My dream was to get into university,
become a scientist,
to study the mysteries of the universe
and the principles of the world.
I thought my future
would surely be like this vast unknown,
holding infinite possibilities.
However,
a car accident
pushed my dream very far away.
Then I changed my dream.
I thought this dream
would be a bit easier to achieve.
I'm going to restock.
Wait a moment.
Done. Go ahead.
Be safe.
Come back early.
Will do.
Just when I thought
this dream was about to come true,
I realized
it was still so out of reach.
Hai Ming, you can't go.
You can't go gamble.
This is money for Xiaocan's school.
Get lost.
That's money for Xiaocan's school!
You jerk.
Mom.
And so,
I left this place devoid of dreams.
For so many years, I thought
my original dream
could never be realized again.
Don't you want to do something earth-shattering?
Go on.
Go to school and dream.
Go.
Go to school.
It turns out, after the original dream was miraculously realized,
is this the price that must be paid?
Your fine son, Mr. Kong Xiaocan,
took out fifty years of his own life energy
and gave it to you,
in exchange for your coming back to life
and rejuvenation.
Kong Guifang,
is this your fate?
I called everyone to my house today
for only one purpose.
We need to, for Xiaocan,
donate life.
We can't watch a young boy in his prime
die a tragic early death.
I propose,
one day isn't too little,
ten years isn't too much.
Let those with life pitch in with life.
Right.
We can't watch Brother Xiaocan die.
Come on.
How about this,
I'll donate first.
Ten years.
No.
Twenty years.
Thirty years.
Yes.
Thirty years it is.
Although
I couldn't be born with my best brother
in the same year, month, and day,
but
we can die in the same year, month, and day.
Enough.
Isn't there a turning point now?
Guifang said
she's taking Xiaocan
to find his dad.
That biological father of his?
He abandoned the family and ran off ages ago.
Would he be that kindhearted?
He is his biological son, after all.
He wouldn't just watch him die, right?
Besides,
this is what he owes Xiaocan.
That's still not okay.
I still have to do something for Xiaocan.
It's just thirty years.
It's decided.
I just find Godmother and trade, right?
I'll give her a call.
No.
You and Xiaocan dying on the same day...
what am I supposed to do?
Xiao Yin.
Don't be afraid.
When I was little,
my mom had my fortune told.
It said I could live to be eighty.
Losing thirty years doesn't matter.
That's still not okay.
When that time comes,
if I'm old and sick,
and you're not there,
who will take care of me?
You're right.
Who would take care of you?
Then I can't die at fifty.
I have to be by your bedside.
What about after that?
After that...
You mean...
we get married,
have kids,
the kids get married,
and the kids have kids?
I have to help the kids raise their kids.
How about...
I trade five years less?
I'll try to live to fifty-five.
But...
if I live to fifty-five,
just nine more years,
and I can collect my pension.
I have to at least experience retirement life.
How about...
I live until sixty-four before dying?
But...
have you ever thought,
what if that fortune teller
wasn't accurate?
Then I'll keep a little in reserve
How about
I donate a year first
Fine
Alright, alright
You just stay by Xiao Yin's side
You all have your own lives
Xiaocan wouldn't
accept you sacrificing your life for him
Sister Rui
Why are you so calm?
Don't you want to grow old with Xiaocan?
I want to know too
Don't you want to be with me forever?
Even without the exchange business
life is full of accidents
Like
traffic accidents
illness
natural disasters and the like
No one can predict that
Besides
there isn't anyone who
has to be together for a lifetime
You're so heartless
So you mean
I have to sacrifice my life
follow you
and die for love
to be considered devoted?
No
that's not what I meant
I really didn't mean that
It's just
I understand the logic
but
hearing certain things come out of your mouth
feels just a little bit
you know?
What I mean is
we should just cherish the present
Dummy
Taking such a long leave?
You'll miss a lot of major classes.
It's okay.
Goodbye, Professor.
Guifang.
You're done asking for leave?
So, you and Brother Xiaocan...
When will you be back?
I don't know.
Xiaocan's dad is a total scoundrel.
Never mind moral blackmail...
even if it takes physical kidnapping...
I have to make him take responsibility.
To exchange some life energy for Xiaocan.
Xiaocan's dad?
You guys never mentioned him before.
If we weren't pushed to this point...
I wouldn't go look for him.
He's someone I never wanted to see again.
How about...
I exchange my life energy for Brother Xiaocan.
Don't go looking for that man.
Don't be silly.
Cherish your own life.
You're someone's son too.
You can't make your parents worry.
Understand?
Xiaocan.
We've all discussed it.
Me, Xiao Yin, Mingtian, and Sister Rui.
We'll each chip in half a year for you first.
No need.
Don't mention it.
What did you say?
I said...
I don't need it!
No...
What do you guys mean?
You want me gone so soon?
Am I in a rush to die right now?
Am I dying?
Look at my energy, my physique.
Who knows?
Even if I gave away that lifespan...
I might still live longer than you guys.
Really, no need.
I really don't need it.
Even if I did need it...
don't I have a damn biological father?
I'll just ask him for it.
Bro... Brother.
Do you think my half-year is too little?
Yes.
I know... this half-year isn't much.
But in the future, we'll have elders and kids to support.
Elders need our care.
Kids need our company.
Okay, okay, alright.
I know, I know.
But listen to me.
I know what I'm doing.
Really, no need.
How about this.
You keep your half-year for me for now.
When I really need it, I'll come get it.
Okay?
Okay.
If you need it...
come find me anytime.
Brother.
I don't ask for anything else.
I just hope...
we can always be together.
Grow old together.
What do you mean "grow old together"?
I... I just...
I just hope...
we can be together forever.
If you were gone...
and I arrange a fight later...
who would go with me?
We still have to play basketball together.
Xiaocan.
You can't die.
I still need to mooch meals at your place.
You absolutely cannot die.
So, so... it's that street, right?
Okay.
Thank you, Sister Ma.
No problem.
Let's meet up when we're back.
Okay, thanks.
Got a lead.
Sister Ma said...
It's at Nanhong Noodle Shop on the next street over.
You can see him there often.
What's it called?
Nanhong Noodle Shop.
Check it out.
Found one.
This one?
Yeah, that's it.
Okay, then... then I...
I'll connect to this...
See if I can find a phone number.
I'll ask if anyone has seen this guy.
Your dad is named Hai Ming. Hai Ming.
The "Hai Ming" from Hemingway?
Zoom in on this again, let me see.
Why zoom in?
The text is pretty clear.
Wait, wait, wait.
That's the one.
What "this"?
Is this the guy?
It's so blurry, can you see clearly?
I'd recognize him even if he turned to ash.
The silhouette looks...
Indeed.
He's pretty tall.
They just left like that?
Didn't even offer to clean up.
Leader, should I call them back?
Make them clean up.
I don't think that's necessary.
Let's clean it up ourselves.
Tell me...
About what he said just now regarding the violation...
Could he... our secret...
Leak it to more people?
And cause a security risk for us?
It's possible.
Then I'll call them back.
You can talk to them privately.
I don't think that's appropriate.
Forget it.
Leader.
That hesitation you just showed...
And being afraid of trouble...
Is a human emotion.
Called "being a wimp".
Wimp.
You're a wimp.
I'm a wimp.
You are now a wimp.
I wimped out.
You wimped out.
This feels pretty good.
Yes.
I just thought of something.
If they really find someone else...
To exchange Life Energy...
We didn't have to lift a finger.
And we got a commission.
And finished our KPIs ahead of schedule.
I think it's a good thing for us.
Leader.
This mentality of only benefiting yourself...
Is called "crafty".
Crafty.
You're crafty.
I'm being crafty again.
Very crafty.
By the way.
I said I was going to punish you.
Come here, let me pluck one off.
Leader.
This state of going from happy to punishing...
Is called "hiding a dagger in a smile".
I'm hiding a dagger again.
Hiding a dagger in a smile.
And us running around just now...
Was just fear.
Being scared is still "wimping out".
I was scared.
That's being a wimp.
I reckon...
We should still call them back to clean up.
Leader.
This behavior seems to be called...
Slapping your own face.
Aren't we piecing together faces right now?